docs: infrastructure agent v1.57.0 (#18544)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1570.mdx

---
subject: Infrastructure agent
releaseDate: '2024-09-02'
version: 1.57.0
---

We've released a new version of the agent. Follow standard procedures to [update the Infrastructure agent](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-configure-manage-infrastructure/update-or-uninstall/update-infrastructure-agent).
New Relic recommends that you upgrade the agent regularly, every 3 months at a minimum. As of this release, the oldest supported version is [Infrastructure agent 1.47.0](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1470/).

## Changed

> * New health status check and report for the status api [#1908](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/1908)
> * Exclude matching metrics [#1914](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/1914)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New local health status (/v1/status/health) checks for valid credentials to connect to NR backend [#1908](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/1908)
* Ability to define exclusion lists for process monitoring using the `exclude_matching_metrics` [setting] (https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/configuration/infrastructure-agent-configuration-settings/#exclude-matching-metrics) [#1914](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/pull/1914)
```

Reviewer: I edited the github release notes soon after you created this PR, if possible, let's sync them.
